Mar 10

睡眠改善

reading list

读书
游泳



英语
	1.eerie
	2.the past few days
	3.muggy weather
	4.to go along with
		Coffee goes along well with this cake.
		There have been sporadic showers to go along with uncomfortable muggy weather.
		We had strong winds to go along with the heavy rain.

	5.it never hit me until 
	6.set someones mind
		He set his mind to mastering French and business Japanese by the end of 2026
	7.acquired taste
		The rigor of long-distance running is an acquired taste. You learn to love the struggle
	8.I've come to like it.
		It took Joshua a few years to come to like Japanese sweets. When he had Japanese sweets for the first time, he didn't think it was sweet enough. But over time, he got used to it and he likes Japanese sweets now.
		I've come to like the quietness of Mitaka.
	9.Grow on someone
		This new video editing style is starting to grow on me.
		it’s starting to grow on me.
		Give it a few listens, the song will grow on you.
	10.warm up to
	11.fluffy
		Cut the fluff: 删掉废话/干掉那些虚的东西。
		A fluffy argument: 站不住脚/软绵绵的论点。
	12.grab
		can u grab me a beer
		do you wanna grab dinner tonight 

	13.be amazed 
	14.go out of someones way to 
		- My neighbor went out of his way to help me understand the local trash collection rules.
		- Thanks for going out of your way to help me.
		- Thanks for going out of your way to show me around Mitaka
		Tell me how birthday parties or celebrations, I will always go out of my way to pick up a Japanese cake. It tastes better and it looks much more appetizing too. Sometimes I lose my appetite when I see an American cake because the colors used to decorate the cake is so unnatural.
	Bending over backwards.
		- I've been bending over backwards for this client, but they are never satisfied.

	15.acquired a taste for 
		acquire a taste for something
		I soon acquired a taste for the local cuisine.
		How long did it take you to acquire a taste for Mexican food?
		If you want to travel with that set, you'll need to acquire a taste for golf and fancy dinners.
		He acquired a taste for Shakespeare at school and auditioned for his first leading role in his early 20s.
		We've tried to keep the dog from splashing about puddles outside, but I'm afraid she's acquired quite a taste for it.

	16.live up to 
		Did the holiday live up to your expectations?
		
	17.clean freak 
	18.food poisoning
	19.nitpick
		Don’t nitpick my English — I’m still learning.
	20.hint at 
		Are you hinting at me?
万物皆是复利 
时间是这个宇宙的境界线
宇宙外不存在时间
string theory 
宇宙是怎么诞生的
宇宙的外面是不是旧宇宙 
不同规则的宇宙
宇宙的外面是不是时间静止的

相対性理論
マトリョシカ
英语
读书
日语
确定申告
练背

翻译

ビジネス打合せ

