四月28日


3 ondemand 

preview - I need to preview the material before the class tomorrow. 
review



writing / todo 





face [1] [] []


reading recording [] [] []

reading books 1h 

昨天的失败
	日本の自動車学校の教官に日本語下手、通じないと言われた。ちょっと訛った喋り方と遅いスピードで話して、めっちゃバカにされてて、逆に聞きどれにくかった。
	初日だけら、教官さんはわざと手厳しかったのかも知れないが、
	日本語は下手って言われてのはちょっと気になるね。。。


宿舍 
食堂
给食
portion size
免费的食物太差，只能当做饿了的时候的点心，当主餐来说分量和营养面来说都有些不足
我可以花额外的钱在这个食堂里买稍微好点的套餐，或者去便利店自己去买东西吃



The dormitory cafeteria provides free meals, but the food is pretty bad — it’s more like a light snack you can eat when you're hungry, rather than something you could rely on for a full meal.
In terms of portion size and nutrition, it’s definitely not enough.
I can either pay extra to get a slightly better meal at the cafeteria, or just go to a convenience store and buy something myself.


- either  ...  or 
- pay extra 
- portion size
	Eating large portion sizes regularly can lead to weight gain over time



其实我在寻找失败，因为失败是成功之母
如果我没有在这两周内做到我的计划，我会标记它为一个失败
虽然我说我在寻找失败，但我更想要成功，成功体验更为重要

Yeah, because they say failure is the mother of success. If I don’t hit my goals in the next two weeks, I’ll just call it a failure.

not too much i can do 
back training 



今日は月曜日、今日明日雨降るらしい、事前に準備した方がいい。。。

折りたたみ傘どか



排汗 perspire
洗头  
整理发型 "fix my hairstyle" or "style my hair" i
刮胡子
在路上遇到 朋友  I might bump into a friend on the way,
or maybe even meet someone new. You never know!

出门 I’m heading out soon,

A: I’m heading out soon, so I’m going to wash my hair and fix my hairstyle.
B: Oh, nice! Even though you're just going out to eat by yourself?
A: Yeah, but I think it’s important to take care of how I look. I might bump into a friend on the way, or maybe even meet someone new. You never know!
B: True, you might meet someone cool!

Since I’m heading out later, I’m going to wash my hair and fix my hairstyle. Even though I’m just going out for a meal by myself, paying attention to my appearance is important. I might run into a friend on the way, or maybe even meet a potential new friend — you never know!

日语：携帯用折りたたみ傘（けいたいよう おりたたみがさ）
英语：portable folding umbrella



初日は「厳しく接して慣れさせる」みたいな古い指導スタイルをとるところ、たしかにある。
親に散々罵られ、教官には毎日鬼のように怒られ
帰りのバスでは何度も自分を責めて泣いてましたが

- アニメ　1 or 映画



動画もう一本見る

曲がる

合図

右側



裏方に回る

肩に力を入れる

の手前、いろいろ目を瞑ったが、

勉強の息抜きでいつでも相手してくれる

濡れ場

日本語で「勾配」と書き、傾きの度合いを指します

小鞠じゃんはね、どうしようもなく女の子なんだよ。
だからちゃんと自分の気持ちを吐き出して、
無理にでも、区切りをつけて、次の準備をするの。

先を越されちゃうよ

ひょっとして焼いてる

ちょちょいのちょい
朝飯前

行きたくなくなる