take more responsibility






- Becoming more emotionally open and building better emotional relationships takes practice, self-awareness, and consistency. Here are practical tips to help you get there
	1.Start Small
		Open up about minor things, like how your day went, before diving into deeper topics.
	2.Be Honest
	3.Have Regular Check-ins: 
		Set time aside to connect emotionally with people you care about. Ask deeper questions beyond surface-level conversations.
	4.Put Yourself in Their Shoes: Imagine how someone else might feel in a given situation.




马拉松准备

Micki 
26 servia
sports book movies 
soccer basket 
horror comedy 
Serbia
	a landlocked country 

[]Celsius /ˈsel.si.əs/ Degree
[]Circadian rhythm
[]Journey to the West 

nostalgic

when i was younger 

Once Upon a Time in America

the 

cowboy

ganster

斯皮尔伯格


your name
spirited way

gibli moviews
Ghibli Park


Princess Mononoke - Hayao Miyazaki


gli in 10  close to my home 

10 minutes on foot 

subscribe only to netflix 


我之前经常去电影院，但最近工作忙已经有一年没有去了

我的电脑太贵了跑不起现代的游戏

i always trying to avoid using my phone during the day, like i limited my sns usage to 30 minutes a day 
smartphone realse too much dopamine 
reduce our concentration span that harm on our important thigns 
it also absorb too much time 
like if you were on your phone like 3 hours a day 
you simply would lost cherish time which you can learn a new language, you used to build a lot of meaningful relationship,
and doing physical activities

I always try to avoid using my phone during the day. For example, I’ve limited my SNS usage to 30 minutes a day. Smartphones release too much dopamine, which reduces our concentration span and negatively impacts important tasks. They also absorb too much of our time.

For instance, if you spend 3 hours a day on your phone, you’re simply losing valuable time that could be used to learn a new language, build meaningful relationships, or do physical activities.

[]zone out / Drift off
	I zoned out during the lecture and missed the important details.
	She was so tired that she kept zoning out during the meeting
[]Zone in on
	Once I zone in on a task, I can work for hours.
[] find myself doing something 
	If my brain feels bored during work, I often find myself randomly scrolling through my phone.
	When I’m stressed, I find myself snacking more than usual.
	During meetings, I sometimes find myself doodling instead of paying attention.
	When I’m tired, I find myself zoning out while reading.
	Whenever I’m at a bookstore, I find myself buying books I don’t even need.
	I catch myself procrastinating when I should be working."
[]Find it hard to.
[]Feel like doing something

high kyu
violet evergarden 
LOOK BACK 
ONE PIECE FILM RED


いのち短し 恋せよ乙女
Once Upon a Time in America


克里斯托弗·诺兰

highest-grossing films

The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Haikyu!! The Dumpster Battle


The Martian 火星救援



My Neighbour Totoro
LIZ AND THE BLUE BIRD 

hedge fund 对冲基金





